[Music]
what the shape of your lips
says about your personality scientists
consider the lips to be one of the most
important features to pay attention to
when trying to determine a person's
character we express our thoughts
verbally and in doing so reveal some of
our character and our psychological
peculiarities that's why we've decided
to take a closer look at the shape of
people's lips and check how accurately
they reflect an individual's personality
traits large puffy lips
people possessing lips shaped like this
were simply made to look after someone
if your lips are like this then you may
have spent a lot of time when you were a
child feeding stray kittens or helping
at animal shelters and wanting to bring
every animal home you have an innate and
strong maternal instinct and a desire to
safeguard and protect others in any
stressful situation you think first of
all about other people and only then
about yourself people like this
generally make the best parents the
upper lip is larger than the lower one a
person has lips like this is quite
simply a drama queen their emotional
charismatic love life and draw attention
to themselves
they have a high opinion of themselves
and possessed the ability to draw others
to them they simply love being the
center of attention
the most striking turn of phrase and
funniest joke always comes from them
[Music]
the lower lip is larger than the upper
one let's be honest you simply weren't
born to do office work how can a person
sit on their butt when there are so many
interesting things out there people with
lips like this really know what it means
to have fun
you're vitally in need of an energetic
lifestyle new acquaintances new places
to visit and new impressions you're
curious sociable and open to everything
new you're the kind of person who can
lead people along with you on the path
to new adventures
ordinary lips
[Music]
people with ordinary lips like these are
often those with a balanced common-sense
approach to resolving any kind of task
placed in front of them their strengths
lie in their ability to listen to others
they take criticism lightly and treat
others opinions with respect making them
mad is practically impossible however
despite their ironclad stoicism they
still love to laugh and joke and the
glass is always half full for them thin
lips
people with thin lips are as a rule
often loners they just like it that way
they're also self-reliant and can cope
with any problem if you have thin lips
then you're probably the kind of person
who has absolutely no need of company
when going to visit a museum or even
when going on holiday to distant
violence however despite your love of
Solitude you feel perfectly at home in a
group of people you can quickly find a
common language with people and you
value other people for their actions an
upper lip with a sharp philtrum
this kind of person is 100% created down
to their fingertips they often end up
being talented artists and musicians
also they have excellent memories when
it comes to recalling faces and names
they maintain contact with everyone they
know and they're always aware of what's
going on moreover they're sociable
strive for self-expression in every form
and almost always achieve good results
in their work an upper lip with a
rounded philtrum if you have lips like
this you're probably compassionate
sensitive and kind you can become deeply
upset by any misfortune and you always
find the time to help others helping the
less fortunate and caring for the world
around you is your calling in life
people like you make the world go around
and upper lip without a philtrum these
people are the most responsible and
reliable on the planet get it done even
if it hurts is their motto they don't
know the meaning of the word impossible
and deadlines don't worry them
everything will be done exactly on time
their loved ones and friends know that
they can be relied upon in any situation
they're the kind of people who simply
turn up and solve every outstanding
problem in one go small puppy lips
people with lips like this are often
coquettish and mischievous their main
priority in life is their own feelings
of comfort if they don't look after
themselves then no one will upon first
getting can know them these people often
seem selfish but this isn't the case
they're compassionate and devoted
friends the kind of people who will come
to the aid of others at a moment's
notice they never put their interests
above those of others but they won't
ever do harm to themselves because of
this guiding principle things often work
out well for them
a very thin upper lip
people with these lips possess rare
leadership qualities it's almost as if
fire rather than blood pumps through
their veins they're good at convincing
others and they know how to stick to
their guns the energy of life itself
seems to flow out of them the success is
guaranteed whatever happens however they
often find it difficult to develop
romantic relationships as their main
principle in life is to be someone
rather than to be with someone
so would you agree with our observations
share your thoughts in the comments
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video share it with others and
click Subscribe and stay on the bright
side of life